issue live with the
events coming in. So
let's continue. Let's scale
up what we can
do, right? We've templated
our engineering. We've digitized
our engineering into our
agentic layer. Move to
the next task. We'll
fire this off. And
the same thing will
happen here, right? If
we just wait for
a second, we're going
to get a nice
response. There it is
classified and the work
is beginning. Let's go
ahead, move to our
big feature. You'll notice
something important here. This
is going to run
SDLC, but we're using
model set heavy. I'll
break this down in
a moment. Let's kick
this off. Let's wait
for our workflow here
to respond. This should
just take a couple
of seconds. There we
go. High level breakdown.